Improve top-level README's `GettingStarted` section (#39)
aranya-project/aranya: README.md

For users, software built on Aranya is less complex to operate securely, and is secure regardless of the network it is run on.

Find more information on the [Aranya Project docs site](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/).

## What's Contained In This Repo

This repository contains the following components:

- [Rust Client Library](crates/aranya-client/): interface for your application

> to interact with the [Aranya Daemon](https://docs.rs/aranya-daemon-api/0.4.0/aranya_daemon_api/trait.DaemonApi.html) in order to invoke [Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core) functionality. Refer to the `aranya-client`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to interact with the [Aranya Daemon](https://docs.rs/aranya-daemon-api/latest/aranya_daemon_api/trait.DaemonApi.html) in order to invoke [Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core) functionality. Refer to the `aranya-client`
```

requests from the [client](crates/aranya-client) to the
[Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core). Refer to the
`aranya-daemon` [README](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md) for more information
on this component.

- [Aranya Policy](crates/aranya-daemon/src/policy.md): a markdown file of the security control policy written in Aranya's domain-specific policy language and executed by the Aranya runtime.

For more information on Aranya's internal components, see the Aranya Core
[README](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/README.md).

## Getting Started

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

Aranya can be integrated into an existing project using the Rust Library or C
API. For a step-by-step tutorial on how to run Aranya as a standalone app, see
the [walkthrough](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/).

We currently provide the following integrations for Aranya:

1. [Rust library](#rust-lib)
2. [C API](#c-api)

### <a href name="rust-lib"></a>Rust Library

#### Dependencies

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (find version info in the

> [rust-toolchain.toml](rust-toolchain.toml))

Reviewer: nit: I think it's worth noting that as long as you have the Rust toolchain installed, it'll be able to grab any specific version you might need automatically when building, so I'm not sure this is _quite_ necessary but

- (Optional) [cargo-make](https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) (v0.37.23)
- (Optional) Git for cloning the repository

> NOTE: we have tested using the specified versions above. Other versions of these tools may also work.

If you'd like to run the Rust example app, see [below](#example-applications).

#### Install

First, install the Aranya client.

**From this repository**:

`git clone git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git`

> **From crates.io**:

Reviewer: I think it's worth hotlinking our crates.io page since that'll give the exact version to copy in https://crates.io/crates/aranya-client
```
Install

Run the following Cargo command in your project directory:
cargo add aranya-client

Or add the following line to your Cargo.toml:
aranya-client = "0.4.0"
```

This repository contains the following components:

- [Rust Client Library](crates/aranya-client/): interface for your application
to interact with the [Aranya Daemon](https://docs.rs/aranya-daemon-api/latest/aranya_daemon_api/trait.DaemonApi.html) in order to invoke [Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core) functionality. Refer to the `aranya-client`
[README](crates/aranya-client/README.md) for more details on this component.

- [Daemon Process](crates/aranya-daemon/): a long-running process that forwards
requests from the [client](crates/aranya-client) to the
[Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core). Refer to the
`aranya-daemon` [README](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md) for more information
on this component.

- [Aranya Policy](crates/aranya-daemon/src/policy.md): a markdown file of the security control policy written in Aranya's domain-specific policy language and executed by the Aranya runtime.

For more information on Aranya's internal components, see the Aranya Core
[README](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/blob/main/README.md).

## Getting Started

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

> Aranya can be integrated into an existing project using the options below. See [Example Applications](___) to run a standalone Aranya app in C or Rust, or for a step-by-step tutorial on how to manually configure and integrate the example scenario, see the [walkthrough](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/).

Reviewer 2: Add reference to Example Apps section

Author: Oops missed that , thanks!

We currently provide the following integrations for Aranya:

1. [Rust library](#rust-lib)
2. [C API](#c-api)

### <a href name="rust-lib"></a>Rust Library

#### Dependencies

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (Find version info in the
[rust-toolchain.toml](rust-toolchain.toml))
> NOTE: When building with Rust, the compiler will automatically download and
> use the version specified by the `rust-toolchain.toml`.
- (Optional) [cargo-make](https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) (v0.37.23)
- (Optional) Git for cloning the repository

> NOTE: we have tested using the specified versions above. Other versions of these tools may also work.

If you'd like to run the Rust example app, see [below](#example-applications).

#### Install

First, install the Aranya client.

**From this repository**:

`git clone git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git`

**From crates.io**:

Run the following in your project's directory:

`cargo add aranya-client`

> Or, add it to your project's `Cargo.toml`:

Reviewer 3: As an alternative to manually adding the aranya client as a dependency, we provide a way to generate a new workspace with a Rust example app that already has the aranya client in the `Cargo.toml`:
https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/main/templates/aranya-example/README.md

Author: Added a note about this !

is provided to make it easier to build the library into an application.

An example of the C API being used to create a team follows:

```C
// have owner create the team.
err = aranya_create_team(&team->clients.owner.client, &team->id);
EXPECT("error creating team", err);
```

This snippet has been modified for simplicity. For actual usage,
see the [C example](examples/c/example.c#L169).

Before starting your application, run the daemon by providing the path to a
[configuration file](crates/aranya-daemon/example.json). Find more details on
configuring and running the daemon in the `aranya-daemon`
[README](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md).

## <a name="example-applications"></a>Example Applications

We have provided runnable example applications in both
[Rust](templates/aranya-example/) and [C](examples/c/). These examples will
use the default policy that's contained in this repo to configure and run the
daemon automatically. The examples follow five users who are referred to by
their user role, `Owner`, `Admin`, `Operator`, `Member A` and `Member B`.

The examples go through the following steps:

> Step 1: Build or download the pre-built executable from the latest Aranya

Reviewer 3: This docs sometimes says `prebuilt` and other times says `pre-built`. Let's be consistent and verify which one is more widely used in English.

Find more information on the [Aranya Project docs site](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/).

## What's Contained In This Repo

This repository contains the following components:

- [Rust Client Library](crates/aranya-client/): interface for your application
to interact with the [Aranya Daemon](https://docs.rs/aranya-daemon-api/latest/aranya_daemon_api/trait.DaemonApi.html) in order to invoke [Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core) functionality. Refer to the `aranya-client`
[README](crates/aranya-client/README.md) for more details on this component.

- [Daemon Process](crates/aranya-daemon/): a long-running process that forwards
requests from the [client](crates/aranya-client) to the
[Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core). Refer to the
`aranya-daemon` [README](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md) for more information
on this component.

- [Aranya Policy](crates/aranya-daemon/src/policy.md): a markdown file of the security control policy written in Aranya's domain-specific policy language and executed by the Aranya runtime.

For more information on Aranya's internal components, see the Aranya Core

> [README](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/README.md).

Reviewer 2: Does this link need to be fixed?

## Getting Started

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

> Aranya can be integrated into an existing project using the options below. For
> a step-by-step tutorial on how to run Aranya as a standalone app, see the
> [walkthrough](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/).

Reviewer 2: As mentioned on the call, I realized that my earlier interpretation of the walkthrough may not have been entirely correct. Here's what I think might be a better way to talk about it, plus some possible fluff on the side.
```suggestion
Aranya can be integrated into an existing project using the options below. See [Example Applications](___) to run a standalone Aranya app in C or Rust, or for a step-by-step tutorial on how to manually configure and integrate the example scenario, see the [walkthrough](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/).
```

More documentation on Aranya is provided here:
- [Aranya Overview](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/overview/)
- [Getting Started With Aranya](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/)

## Contributing

Find information on contributing to the Aranya project in
[`CONTRIBUTING.md`](https://github.com/aranya-project/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## What's Contained In This Repo

This repository contains the following components:
- [Rust Client Library](crates/aranya-client)
- [Daemon Process](crates/aranya-daemon)
- [Aranya Policy](crates/aranya-daemon/src/policy.md)

### Rust Client Library

The [Rust Client Library](crates/aranya-client/) provides an interface for your

> application to interface with the

Reviewer 4: Maybe instead of using interface twice this could be "to interact with the Aranya Daemon".

[Aranya Daemon](crates/aranya-daemon-api/src/service.rs) in order to invoke

> actions on and process affects from the Aranya graph. The library also provides

Reviewer 4: ~~affects~~ -> effects

Author: oh nice catch! Fixed

component.

### Daemon Process

The [daemon](crates/aranya-daemon/) is a long-running process that forwards
requests from the [client](crates/aranya-client) to the
[Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core). Refer to the
`aranya-daemon` [README](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md) for more information
on this component.

### Aranya Policy

The [Aranya Policy](crates/aranya-daemon/src/policy.md) is a security control policy written in Aranya's domain-specific policy language and executed by the Aranya runtime.

### Rust Example Application

We have provided an [example Rust program](templates/aranya-example) using Aranya.

Refer to the `aranya-example` crate's [README](templates/aranya-example/README.md) for more information.

## Dependencies

### Aranya Core

The [Aranya Core](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core) repo has all the main components of Aranya that are needed for the core functionality to work. This is a library that includes the storage module (for DAG and FactDB), crypto module (with default crypto engine automatically selected), sync engine, and runtime client (including policy VM).

### Aranya Fast Channels

> [Aranya Fast Channels](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/tree/main/crates/aranya-fast-channels) are encrypted channels between 2 peers allowing either unidirectional or bidirectional communication.

Author: Put these under a `Aranya Components` section and formatted/organized similar to the above section

## Integration & Development

### Supported Platforms

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

### Prerequisites

To use Aranya and run the examples, download the following tools directly or
using a package manager:

Note, we have tested using the specified versions. Other versions of these
tools may also work.

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (find version info in the

> [rust-toolchain.toml](rust-toolchain.toml))

Author: @gknopf-aranya suggested referencing the rust-toolchain here: https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/pull/39#discussion_r1940228608, presumably so we don't need to remember to update this whenever it gets updated in the repo

- [cmake](https://cmake.org/download/) (v3.31)
- [clang](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html) (v18.1)
- [patchelf](https://github.com/NixOS/patchelf) (v0.18)
- [cargo-make](https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) (v0.37.23)

> ### Integrate Aranya

Author: I made this change here: https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/pull/39/commits/f10c974a7c36d9885fca682a2f4f11da050e258d. I linked to the C API's readme as it has instructions for creating the lib and header file using `cargo-make`. The `Integrate` sections for both Rust and C could probably be beefed up still.

### Example Applications

We have provided runnable example applications in both
[Rust](templates/aranya-example/) and [C](examples/c/). These examples will
configure and run the daemon automatically. The examples follow five users who
are referred to by their user role, `Owner`, `Admin`, `Operator`, `Member A`
and `Member B`.

The examples go through the following steps:

Step 1: Build or download the pre-built executable from the latest Aranya
release. After providing a unique configuration file (see
[example.json](crates/aranya-daemon/example.json)) for each user, run the
daemons.

Step 2. The `Owner` initializes the team

Step 3. The `Owner` adds the `Admin` and `Operator` to the team. `Member A` and
`Member B` can either be added by the `Owner` or `Operator`.

Step 4. The `Admin` creates an Aranya Fast Channels label

Step 5. The `Operator` assigns the created Fast Channels label to `Member A`
and `Member B`

Step 6. `Member A` creates an Aranya Fast Channel

Step 7. `Member A` uses this channel to send a message to `Member B`.
Optionally, `Member B` may also send a message back to `Member A`.

For more details on how Aranya starts and the steps performed in the examples,

> see the [walkthrough](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/).

Author: Created this story: https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-docs/issues/53

More documentation on Aranya is provided here:
- [Aranya Overview](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/overview/)
- [Getting Started With Aranya](https://aranya-project.github.io/aranya-docs/getting-started/walkthrough/)

## Contributing

> Our `CONTRIBUTING.md` is located in the aranya-project organization's `.github` repo:

Reviewer: Depending on the user, they may be new to open source, so mentioning .github could cause confusion; we can obviously link to it, but it shouldn't be something we point out, it's just another repo in the org

Author: Updated to just say `Find more information on contributing in `contributing.md` with link

> The [Aranya Policy](crates/aranya-daemon/src/policy.md) is a security control policy written in Aranya's domain-specific policy language and executed by the Aranya runtime.

Reviewer: An "Additional Reading" section would be good; I don't think we should link to the policy lang v2 spec here but it should be somewhere in the doc, might also be able to consolidate the last paragraph of "what is it" in there too

### Rust Example Application

An example Rust program for using Aranya is located here:
[Aranya Rust Example](templates/aranya-example)

Refer to the `aranya-example` crate's README for more information:
[Aranya Example README.md](templates/aranya-example/README.md)

> 

Reviewer: This doesn't fit in as well with the rest of the document, but I get the struggling to word things without using a colon. Maybe something like, "You can find an example Rust program showing how to integrate Aranya `[here]`. Please see the `[README]` for additional details on how to set a new project up."

Reviewer: The other option would be to make `[example Rust program]` a hotlink like client and daemon are throughout the rest of the document

Author: Reworded this section so [example Rust program] and [README] are hotlinked rather than separated with the colon.

## Integration & Development

For a fully runnable example of Aranya, check out the
[`aranya-client-capi`](crates/aranya-client-capi/) C API
[example](examples/c/). This example covers team creation, syncing and sending
messages using Aranya Fast Channels.

### Supported Platforms

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

### Prerequisites

To use Aranya and run the examples, your system must have the
most recent version of the following tools:

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [cmake](https://cmake.org/download/)
- [clang](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html)
- [patchelf](https://github.com/NixOS/patchelf)
- [cargo-make](https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make?tab=readme-ov-file#installation)

To view documentation for the `aranya-client-capi` C API, download
[doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/download.html).

### Install and Build Aranya

Download the source code from this repository or from [crates.io](https://crates.io):
- [client](https://crates.io/crates/aranya-client)
- [daemon](https://crates.io/crates/aranya-daemon)

#### From this repository:

`$ git clone git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git`

> Once the source code is downloaded, navigate to the Aranya project directory and run:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the source-code is downloaded, navigate to the Aranya project workspace and run:
```

`cargo build --release`

This will build the available Aranya crates.

#### From crates.io:

Run the following in your project's directory:
```bash
$ cargo add aranya-daemon
$ cargo add aranya-client
```

Or, add it to your project's `Cargo.toml`:
```
[dependencies]

> aranya-daemon = { git = "git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git" }

Reviewer 3: Users will usually download an aranya daemon executable we build and publish in our cicd pipeline rather than building it themselves.
If it's an unsupported platform, then they'd need to build it themselves.

The daemon is one of the release artifacts here:
https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/releases

Author: Removed the daemon from this section about building aranya and noted that the prebuilt version is available for supported platforms (otw build it locally, though I didn't include explicit instructions).

aranya-client = { git = "git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git" }
```

#### Additional build options

This repository uses `cargo-make` to automate different tasks, including
building the code, documentation and examples. Once the repository is
downloaded and Rust is installed on your device, run the following to install
`cargo-make`:

`$ cargo install cargo-make`

Then, navigate to this directory and run the following to build Aranya:

`$ cargo make build-code`

Or, build the C API and its associated documentation:

`$ cargo make build-capi`

Run `$ cargo make` to see a list of all available tasks.

### Integrate Aranya
<!--
TODO: Add more information about actual integration steps. Need to get input.
Ways to integrate with Aranya:
- Add the Rust library to your project (as demonstrated above)
- Use the C API to integrate with the Aranya library
-->

Aranya provides a client library and the daemon executable which processes
requests sent from the client and handles syncing with team members.

> There are a few ways you can integrate the Aranya library into your project:

Reviewer 3: I'd have the items in the list together like this:
1. Rust library
2. C API

With markdown links to the relevant subsections.

Author: Updated to have these listed together with links to the relevant sections!

1. Rust Library

Using the installation instructions above, get the code through this repository
or crates.io and add it to your project.

Integrate the [client](crates/aranya-client) library into your application. The
[client's README](crates/aranya-client/README.md) has more information on using
the Rust client.

> 2. `aranya-client-capi` C API

Author: Have a couple questions here in the comments: 
- When using the C api, how would the daemon be integrated/set-up? Would they still need the rust executable?
- What steps need to be taken to use the aranya-client-capi?

Reviewer 3: When using the C API, a library containing the Aranya client will be provided along with the corresponding C header file. The daemon is the same executable regardless of whether the application is using a C API library or interfacing via a Rust API.

Author: Added that the lib and header file are provided in the release. And added a note that regardless of rust/c, the daemon executable will also need to be downloaded or built locally.

<!--
C API lets you call the aranya client from your C applications.
- In a real-world scenario, how would the daemon be integrated/set-up?
	- Just the rust executable?

> - What else would they need to do to set-up using the aranya-client-capi stuff?

Reviewer 3: You could take a look at the C API example to get an idea of the steps to integrate:
https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/main/examples/c/run.bash

Build the daemon or use a prebuilt executable.
Create the daemon config file and start the daemon while providing it a path to the config file.
Build a C application that imports the C API library & header file (e.g. with `cmake`) and start the application.

-->

> Use the [`aranya-client-capi` C API](crates/aranya-client-capi/) to integrate

Reviewer 3: Or they can download the C API library for their target platform from the latest release:
https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/releases/tag/v0.4.0

Author: added links to the release page with note that the prebuilt version can be downloaded there

Aranya into your application.

See the [Aranya C example](examples/c/) for example usage of the
`aranya-client-capi` C API.

<!-- TODO: verify this is accurate -->

> In both cases, the Aranya client will need to communicate with the Aranya

Reviewer 3: The communication between the Aranya client and daemon is handled behind the scenes. Getting started with Aranya does not require this API to be understood. All the user needs to understand is the Aranya client's application API (e.g. the C API or Rust API the application is integrating with). There is an architecture diagram we could look at to see why that is.

Author: Removed this line about the client/daemon communicating. But, still have references to the daemon being required for both c/rust integrations

daemon. The [daemon's README](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md) contains
instructions for configuring and running the daemon.

After the daemon has started up, start the application.

### Example Application

We have provided a runnable example application that uses the
[`aranya-client-capi` C API](crates/aranya-client-capi/). The example includes
five users who will be referred to by their user role, `Owner`, `Admin`,
`Operator`, `Member A` and `Member B`.

This example goes through the following steps:

> Step 1: Configure, build and run the daemon for each user

Reviewer 3: Or use a pre-built daemon from the latest Aranya release

Author: added a link to the release section and a note that the daemon can be downloaded from there :)

Step 2. Submit an action to the `Owner`'s daemon to create a team

Step 3. Submit actions to populate the team with the rest of
the users

Step 4. Submit an action to the `Admin`'s daemon to create an Aranya Fast
Channels label

Step 5. Submit actions to the `Operator`'s daemon to assign the Fast Channels
label to `Member A` and `Member B`

> Step 6. Submit an action to `Member A`'s daemon to create an Aranya Fast

Reviewer 3: The application invokes the C API, which may translate to invoking an action via the daemon API behind the scenes. But the user doesn't need to know that in order to use the C API.

Author: I reworded these steps to say `user does X` instead of `submit an action to daemon`

Channel

> Step 7. Call the Fast Channels API from `Member A`'s daemon to send a message.

Reviewer 3: The application is invoking the C API to send a message, not the daemon API

Author: Again, reworded these steps to simply say `User does X` instead of talking about submitting an action to the daemon.

Optionally, call the Fast Channels API from `Member B`'s daemon to send a
message back.

For instructions on running this example, see [here](examples/c/README.md).

### Example API calls

The following section will show an example of using Aranya to create a team in
Rust and using the [`aranya-client-capi` C API](crates/aranya-client-capi/).

#### Rust

> ```rust

Reviewer 3: Let's wait until the Rust example app PR is merged before documenting this part:
https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/pull/31

Reviewer 3: The PR was merged, so we can borrow the Rust example code from there.

Author: Updated this snippet to use the rust example code from there and added a link to where that snippet is in the example.

let client = Client::connect(owner_sock_path)?;
let team_id = client.create_team()?;
```

#### C

The following snippet has been modified for simplicity. To see actual usage,
see the [C example](../examples/c/example.c#L162).

> ```C

Reviewer 3: This C snippet seems like it belongs with step 2 of the above C application example

Author: I moved these example API calls to be next to the associated step in this outline.

[Aranya Fast Channels](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/tree/main/crates/aranya-fast-channels) are encrypted channels between 2 peers that could be either bidirectional or unidirectional.

## Integration & Development

### Supported Platforms

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

### Prerequisites

> To use Aranya and run the examples, your system must have the

Reviewer 3: @shannynat the latest versions may work at the time of writing this document. But, some time in the future that may no longer be true. I'd rather document which versions were used during testing. For the Rust version, let's point to the `rust-toolchain.toml` since that version is maintained as part of this project and won't get out-of-date. cc: @ycarmy, @jdygert-spok

Author: I added versions for the prereqs here. Also, added a commit to add the versions to the deps listed for the C example

```bash
$ cargo add aranya-client
```

Or, add it to your project's `Cargo.toml`:
```
[dependencies]
aranya-client = { git = "git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git" }
```

Integrate the client library into your application. The
[client's README](crates/aranya-client/README.md) has more information on using
the Rust client.

#### <a href name="c-api"></a>C API

Pre-built versions of the library are uploaded (along with the [header file](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/main/crates/aranya-client-capi/output/aranya-client.h)) to each Aranya [release](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/releases).

Otherwise, build the [`aranya-client-capi` C API](crates/aranya-client-capi/)
for your target platform.

Aranya can then be integrated using `cmake`. A
[CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/main/examples/c/CMakeLists.txt)
is provided to make it easier to build the library into an application.

### Run Aranya

Regardless of the version of the Aranya library being integrated, you will need
the [Aranya Daemon](crates/aranya-daemon/) executable. A prebuilt version is
available for supported platforms in the Aranya

> [release](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/releases). Otherwise,

Reviewer 3: How would the reader know how to build the daemon locally? Let's provide instructions for building it if we want a user to be able to build it here.

Author: Added instructions for building the daemon locally using cargo and cargo-make

build the daemon locally.

Before starting your application, run the daemon by providing the path to a
configuration file. Find more details on configuring and running the daemon
[here](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md).

Once the daemon is running, run your application and begin using Aranya!

### Example Applications

We have provided runnable example applications in both
[Rust](templates/aranya-example/) and [C](examples/c/). These examples will
configure and run the daemon automatically. The examples follow five users who
are referred to by their user role, `Owner`, `Admin`, `Operator`, `Member A`
and `Member B`.

The examples go through the following steps:

Step 1: Build or download the pre-built executable from the latest Aranya

> release. Then, providing a unique configuration file for each user, run the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
release. After providing a unique configuration file for each user, run the
```

> release. After providing a unique configuration file for each user, run the

Reviewer 4: "After providing a unique configuration file for each user" should we show an example of this?

Author: Do you mean provide an example of the config file or the cmd to run the daemon with the config file?

Reviewer 4: Maybe just link out to the config file [example](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/103-readme-upgrade/crates/aranya-daemon/example.json)?

Author: Added a link to the example config file!

[Aranya Fast Channels](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/tree/main/crates/aranya-fast-channels) are encrypted channels between 2 peers that could be either bidirectional or unidirectional.

## Integration & Development

### Supported Platforms

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

### Prerequisites

> To use Aranya and run the examples, your system must have the following tools:

Reviewer 3: The versions we tested with are a baseline. That doesn't mean someone must install those exact same versions. It's more accurate to say these are the versions we tested with, although other versions may work.

Author: Added a note here that says this

> To use Aranya and run the examples, your system must have the following tools:

Reviewer: Add a note about package managers? Would be nice to mention homebrew and linux's pacman/apt/dnf, so that users don't think they need to download these individual packages which is unrealistic

Author: changed the second half of this line to: `download the following tools directly or using a package manager:`

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (find version info in the
[rust-toolchain.toml](rust-toolchain.toml))
- [cmake](https://cmake.org/download/) (v3.31)
- [clang](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html) (v18.1)
- [patchelf](https://github.com/NixOS/patchelf) (v0.18)
- [cargo-make](https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) (v0.37.23)

### Integrate Aranya

Aranya may be integrated into your application using one of the following:

1. [Rust library](#rust-lib)
2. [C API](#c-api)

#### <a href name="rust-lib"></a>Rust Library

First, install the Aranya client.

##### From this repository:

`$ git clone git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git`

> Once the source-code is downloaded, navigate to the Aranya project workspace and run:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the source code is downloaded, navigate to the Aranya project workspace and run:
```

`cargo build --release`

This will build the Aranya [client](crates/aranya-client/) and the
[daemon](crates/aranya-daemon/) executable.

##### From crates.io:

Run the following in your project's directory:
```bash
$ cargo add aranya-client
```

Or, add it to your project's `Cargo.toml`:
```
[dependencies]

> aranya-client = { git = "git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git" }

Reviewer 3: It's more likely someone will include a released version of our crates than the latest on main:
`aranya-client = { version = ... }`

Author: Updated to your suggestion, I didn't specify the version, but not sure if this looks great. Maybe could add a link to the crates.io page for finding most recent version

```

Integrate the client library into your application. The
[client's README](crates/aranya-client/README.md) has more information on using
the Rust client.

#### <a href name="c-api"></a>C API

Pre-built versions of the library are uploaded (along with the [header file](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/main/crates/aranya-client-capi/output/aranya-client.h)) to each Aranya [release](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/releases).

Otherwise, build the [`aranya-client-capi` C API](crates/aranya-client-capi/)
for your target platform.

Aranya can then be integrated using `cmake`. A
[CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/blob/main/examples/c/CMakeLists.txt)
is provided to make it easier to build the library into an application.

### Run Aranya

Regardless of the version of the Aranya library being integrated, you will need
the [Aranya Daemon](crates/aranya-daemon/) executable. A prebuilt version is
available for supported platforms in the Aranya
[release](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/releases).

Otherwise, build the daemon locally:

`$ git clone git@github.com:aranya-project/aranya.git`

> Once the source-code is downloaded, navigate to the Aranya project workspace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the source code is downloaded, navigate to the Aranya project workspace.
```

> [Aranya Fast Channels](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/tree/main/crates/aranya-fast-channels) are encrypted channels between 2 peers that could be either bidirectional or unidirectional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Aranya Fast Channels](https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya-core/tree/main/crates/aranya-fast-channels) are encrypted channels between 2 peers allowing either unidirectional or bidirectional communication.
```

## Integration & Development

### Supported Platforms

The following platforms are supported:
- Linux/arm64
- Linux/amd64
- MacOS

### Prerequisites

To use Aranya and run the examples, download the following tools directly or
using a package manager:

Note, we have tested using the specified versions. Other versions of these
tools may also work.

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (find version info in the
[rust-toolchain.toml](rust-toolchain.toml))
- [cmake](https://cmake.org/download/) (v3.31)
- [clang](https://releases.llvm.org/download.html) (v18.1)
- [patchelf](https://github.com/NixOS/patchelf) (v0.18)
- [cargo-make](https://github.com/sagiegurari/cargo-make?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) (v0.37.23)

### Integrate Aranya

> Aranya may be integrated into your application using one of the following:

Reviewer: "We currently provide the following integrations for Aranya"? Would be nice to imply that we'll support more in the future

`cargo build --release`

Or, install and use `cargo-make`:

```bash
$ cargo install --version '0.37.23' --locked cargo-make
$ cargo make build-code
```

Before starting your application, run the daemon by providing the path to a
configuration file. Find more details on configuring and running the daemon
[here](crates/aranya-daemon/README.md).

Once the daemon is running, run your application and begin using Aranya!

### Example Applications

We have provided runnable example applications in both
[Rust](templates/aranya-example/) and [C](examples/c/). These examples will
configure and run the daemon automatically. The examples follow five users who
are referred to by their user role, `Owner`, `Admin`, `Operator`, `Member A`
and `Member B`.

The examples go through the following steps:

Step 1: Build or download the pre-built executable from the latest Aranya
release. After providing a unique configuration file (see
[example.json](crates/aranya-daemon/example.json)) for each user, run the
daemons.

Step 2. The `Owner` initializes the team

#### Example API calls

The following section will show an example of using Aranya to create a team
using the Rust library and C API.

> ##### Rust

Author: Definitely see what you're saying, it gets difficult to see the difference between this header text and regular text atp. For now, maybe these snippets could just be rehomed in the Integrate Aranya section under the relevant version?

> ##### Rust

Author: Tried this here: https://github.com/aranya-project/aranya/pull/39/commits/b0c119fd72561c3508fc32ae3b0681988bcee980

> ##### Rust

Reviewer: Okay, that's way better.
